README.md, before:

## TiCameraView
TiCameraView differ from Ti.Media.showCamera ;)

This CameraView is real time output ImageView from device camera. So the native camera control will not be displayed. But you can set the control buttons and control the movies by yourself.

![image](TiCameraView.png)

### Feature
* Take picture
* Recording movie
* Toggle camera

### Future goal
* Recording audio in movie
* Overlay on CameraView. You can add Label and ImageView, any more on CameraView like overlay.

## Usage
More information, see example/app.js

### Create CameraView
```
var win = Ti.UI.createWindow();

var TiCamera = require('be.k0suke.ticamera');
var cameraView = TiCamera.createView({
	width: 240,
	height: 320,
	backgroundColor: '#000',
	videoQuality: TiCamera.QUALITY_MEDIUM,
	cameraPosition: TiCamera.hasFrontCamera() ? TiCamera.CAMERA_FRONT : TiCamera.CAMERA_BACK,
	frameDuration: 16
});
win.add(cameraView);

win.open();
```

### Take picture in CameraView
```
cameraView.takePicture({
	saveToPhotoGallery: true,	// default false
	shutterSound: false,		// default true
	success: function(e){
		// e.media(TiBlob), like Ti.Media.showCamera
	},
	error: function(e){
	}
});
```

### Recoding movie in CameraView
```
cameraView.startRecording({
	recordingSound: false		// default true
});

cameraView.stopRecording({
	saveToPhotoGallery: true,	// default false
	recordingSound: false,		// default true
	success: function(e){
		// e.media(TiBlob), like Ti.Media.showCamera
	},
	error: function(e){
	}
});
```

### Properties

#### videoQuality
TiCamera.QUALITY_PHOTO / QUALITY_HIGH / QUALITY_MEDIUM / QUALITY_LOW / QUALITY_640x480 / QUALITY_1280x720

#### cameraPosition
TiCamera.CAMERA_FRONT / CAMERA_BACK

#### frameDuration
fps, roughly 16 - 30

### Methods

#### hasFrontCamera / hasBackCamera
Has camera check in device, front or back

#### toggleCamera
Toggle front or back camera

#### takePicture
Take picrute in CameraView

#### startRecording / stopRecording
Recording movie in CameraView


## License

The MIT License (MIT) Copyright (c) 2013 Kosuke Isobe, Socketbase Inc.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

new method, toggleTorch / isFrontCamera / isBackCamera / isTorch

README.md, after:

## TiCameraView
TiCameraView differ from Ti.Media.showCamera ;)

This CameraView is real time output ImageView from device camera. So the native camera control will not be displayed. But you can set the control buttons and control the movies by yourself.

![image](TiCameraView.png)

### Feature
* Take picture
* Recording movie
* Toggle camera

### Future goal
* Recording audio in movie
* Overlay on CameraView. You can add Label and ImageView, any more on CameraView like overlay.

## Usage
More information, see example/app.js

### Create CameraView
```
var win = Ti.UI.createWindow();

var TiCamera = require('be.k0suke.ticamera');
var cameraView = TiCamera.createView({
	width: 240,
	height: 320,
	backgroundColor: '#000',
	videoQuality: TiCamera.QUALITY_MEDIUM,
	cameraPosition: TiCamera.hasFrontCamera() ? TiCamera.CAMERA_FRONT : TiCamera.CAMERA_BACK,
	frameDuration: 16
});
win.add(cameraView);

win.open();
```

### Take picture in CameraView
```
cameraView.takePicture({
	saveToPhotoGallery: true,	// default false
	shutterSound: false,		// default true
	success: function(e){
		// e.media(TiBlob), like Ti.Media.showCamera
	},
	error: function(e){
	}
});
```

### Recoding movie in CameraView
```
cameraView.startRecording({
	recordingSound: false		// default true
});

cameraView.stopRecording({
	saveToPhotoGallery: true,	// default false
	recordingSound: false,		// default true
	success: function(e){
		// e.media(TiBlob), like Ti.Media.showCamera
	},
	error: function(e){
	}
});
```

### Toggle LED flash light
```
if (cameraView.isBackCamera()) {
	cameraView.toggleTorch();
} else {
	alert('Do not use toggleTorch method, in front camera mode');
}
```

### Properties

#### videoQuality
TiCamera.QUALITY_PHOTO / QUALITY_HIGH / QUALITY_MEDIUM / QUALITY_LOW / QUALITY_640x480 / QUALITY_1280x720

#### cameraPosition
TiCamera.CAMERA_FRONT / CAMERA_BACK

#### frameDuration
fps, roughly 16 - 30

### Methods

#### hasFrontCamera / hasBackCamera
Has camera check in device, front or back

#### isFrontCamera / isBackCamera
Now camera mode, front or back

#### isTorch
Now LED flash light on or off

#### toggleCamera
Toggle front or back camera

#### toggleTorch
Toggle LED flash light on or off

#### takePicture
Take picrute in CameraView

#### startRecording / stopRecording
Recording movie in CameraView

## Changelog
### Jun 28
* new method, toggleTorch / isFrontCamera / isBackCamera / isTorch

## License

The MIT License (MIT) Copyright (c) 2013 Kosuke Isobe, Socketbase Inc.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
